DOC-9489: Replace autofailover 'max events' with 'max nodes' (#2324)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/rest-api/pages/rest-cluster-autofailover-intro.adoc

* `timeout`.
Returns an integer between 5 and 3600, which specifies the number of seconds set to elapse, after a node has become unavailable, before automatic failover is triggered.
* `count`.

> This parameter represents how many sequential auto-failover nodes have occurred since the parameter was itself last reset, to a value of 0, through administrator intervention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter represents how many nodes have auto-failed over since the parameter was itself last reset, to a value of 0, through administrator intervention.
```

Integer between 5 and 3600.
Specifies the number of seconds that must elapse after a node has become unavailable, before automatic failover is triggered.

> * `maxCount=` _number-of-events_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `maxCount=` _number-of-nodes_.
```

> Specifies the number of auto-failover nodes that are sequentially handled before user intervention is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the number of nodes that are auto-failed over before user intervention is required.
```
